README.MD, before:

# Hands on Labs for Git Book
This is the Lab Guide to be followed along while reading the GCP PCA Book. The Labs for each of the chapters would be present in individual README files in each of the chapter folders. For instance, all of the labs to be done for chapter 1 would be available in the folder called chapter 1 and so on.
This section provides the steps to be performed for creating your free GCP account which provides a $300 credit for one month for using GCP services. Please note that after 1 month you would start getting charged on the Credit Card that you have places, only after you have converted your account as a paying account. Else, all the resources would be deleted and your account will be inactivated.

## Creating your First GCP Account
This section helps you create a free GCP account 
1. Navigate to console.cloud.google.com
2. Sign-in with your gcp account
3. Click **Agree** to the terms and conditions as shown below
![Agree](./account-creation-1.jpg)
4. On the next page click on **Try for Free** as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-2.jpg)
5. On the next page click **Agree and Continue** as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-3.jpg)
6. On the next page, you would see an Individual Payment’s Profile selected there under your name as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-4.jpg)
7. Enter your card number, scroll down and click on **start for free**

Commit message:

Modified free account creation README Again

README.MD, after:

# Hands on Labs for Git Book
This is the Lab Guide to be followed along while reading the GCP PCA Book. The Labs for each of the chapters would be present in individual README files in each of the chapter folders. For instance, all of the labs to be done for chapter 1 would be available in the folder called chapter 1 and so on.
This section provides the steps to be performed for creating your free GCP account which provides a $300 credit for one month for using GCP services. Please note that after 1 month you would start getting charged on the Credit Card that you have places, only after you have converted your account as a paying account. Else, all the resources would be deleted and your account will be inactivated.

## Creating your Free GCP Account
This section helps you create a free GCP account 
1. Navigate to console.cloud.google.com
2. Sign-in with a google account where you have not accessed GCP before. Else you would not get the free $300 credits and each of the resource you create will start getting billed on your credit card.
3. Click **Agree** to the terms and conditions as shown below
![Agree](./account-creation-1.jpg)
4. On the next page click on **Try for Free** as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-2.jpg)
5. On the next page click **Agree and Continue** as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-3.jpg)
6. On the next page, you would see an Individual Payment’s Profile selected there under your name as shown below:
![Agree](./account-creation-4.jpg)
7. Enter your card number, scroll down and click on **start for free**
